Nfiann-manifest (#6933)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_overwrites-the-manifest.md

dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` file during parsing, which means when you reference `--state` from the `target/ directory`, you may encounter a warning indicating that the saved manifest wasn't found.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/reference/saved-manifest-not-found.png" title="Saved manifest not found error" /> 

> During the next job run, in the reproduction step (this step refers to the specific sequence of steps that lead to the issue where dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` before it can be used for change detection), the `target/manifest.json` is overwritten. After overwriting, dbt reads the `target/manifest.json` again to detect changes but finds none. 

Reviewer: maybe we can be more direct and avoid the parenthesis or mention or repro steps since it reads a bit clunky to me

```suggestion
During the next job run, dbt follows a sequence of steps that lead to the issue. First, it overwrites `target/manifest.json` before it can be used for change detection. Then, when dbt tries to read `target/manifest.json` again to detect changes, it finds none because the previous state has already been overwritten/erased.
```
